1. What is Emmet?
  Emmet is a plug-in for code editors that allow you to write code shortcuts and expand them into snippets. 
  Its used by web developers to type less and save lot of time.

2. What is difference between Library and Framework?
  Both library and framework are reusable code written by someone else.

  Library has a set of functions and classes which is called by the application to perform certain verbose tasks.
  Library focuses on narrow scope and is simple. Here, the flow of application is under our control

  Framework has abstract functions and classes which is implemented by the user to perform tasks. It focuses on a bigger scope, lot of
  functionalities and is complex. Framework calls our code to perform tasks. It has everything needed to build application and we have to fill the gaps.
  Thus the flow of application is under framework's control.

3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?
  CDN (content delivery network) is a network of servers that are geographically distributed. It is used to provide
  reliable and speed access to the content (why are CDNs not used in real time projects)

4. Why is React known as react?
  React was developed for applications with changing data. React is developed for Front-end applications or view in MVC
  and its named 'React' to react as the user interacts with application and changes the data

5. What is crossorigin in script tag?
  When loading react with CDN, it is recommended to set the crossorigin. It will set the http header access-control-allow-origin
  and provide a better error handling experience

6. What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
  React is library for building UI apps and is the entry point to React APIs. All the apis can be accessed from global react.
  ReactDOM contains DOM specific methods used by react to interact with DOM elements

7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
  react.development.js is unminified version. It will be slow and doesn't provide good user experience.
  Hence minified version is used for production.

8. What is async and defer?
  Async and defer attributes are added to script tag to fetch them asynchronously.
  1. only script tag - During HTML parsing, when script tag is encountered html parsing stops, script is fetched from servers 
                       executed and then HTML parsing continues. This reduces the performance of the web page
  2. Async - Here, when script tag is found, browser fetches the script in parallel with html parsing, then stops parsing the html
             executes the script and then continues parsing. If there are multiple scripts with async, then order of  
             execution is not guaranteed.
  3. Defer - Here, HTML parsing continues even when script is found. browser fetches script in parallel and continues with parsing
             Script is executed only after parsing is completed. Order of execution is guaranteed. This is one of the best approach because
             HTML parsing is not disturbed
